# SNHU-DriverPass
SNHU CS-255 DriverPass Project

Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design? What did you do particularly well?

  The customer was a business named DriverPass, which wanted to develop a tool to assist individuals in passing their driving tests on the first try. They intended to create a system with different user levels that could access different kinds of material. Additionally, users would be able to arrange for in-person instruction and in-person driving sessions with qualified instructors. The system is self  managed, which also gives admins access to unique features like the ability to disable packages that they no longer wish to provide. I think I did a good job of turning the requirements into use cases in this project. I created use cases from the interview notes, outlining the extend and include connections as I went. Who would have access to what functions was another thing I sketched out, and I believe it turned out pretty nicely.

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?

  I revised my Case Diagram for this project, my first diagram wasn't a correct case diagram so i decided to revise it to the proper format. Interpreting the users needs I began by carefully reading the interview transcript. I took notes on anything they said that my be useful to the project. I began to consider how things would be accomplished using software or whether they were external needs after I had a complete list. If the demand was external, I would put it on hold and concentrate on the ones I thought the program would clearly address. In order to discover the best answer when I came across abstract needs like "security" in general, I turned to my study. I then had to include them into the design. I did my best to simplify them into the most fundamental activities I could think of and created use cases for those. I then brought the include and extend connections back in to increase complexity. When creating, it's crucial to consider the wants of the user since you want to provide exactly what their desire was. One instance in this project would be the downloaded content that is restricted to specific people. Without a password or tier structure, the content would simply be available for download by anybody, which would utterly negate their justification for providing "premium" content. Designing with the user's needs in mind will prevent a ton of rework down the road and keep your clients satisfied.

How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?

  I'm still learning how to create software as a whole. I make an effort to study all of the criteria before making a checklist with what I consider to be a must-haves. Then, I make an effort to separate the system's components and their interactions. For this, I occasionally use a UML Class Diagram; other times, I simply scribble them down so I can go on to a process diagram and then return to a class diagram. I start coding the program when I've finally created a process diagram and a class diagram. Making the designs enables me to consider ideas that I may overlook if I started coding right away. But there are instances when you're pressed for time at school. Too frequently in those situations, I just start coding. I'll probably use the activity diagram a lot in the future to describe how functions should operate. They, in my opinion, greatly aid in ensuring that your function performs as it should.
